FInd the maximum sum of a sub-sequence from an positive integer array where any two numbers of sub-sequence are not adjacent to each other in the original sequence. E.g 1 2 3 4 5 6 --> 2 4 6


Given a tree, print the values contained at each level on the same line.
So if you had the tree with root A, and children B and C, you would print:
A
B C
// Use a queue. Insert tree->root.
// Then while (!queue.empty())
// take out the node inserted.
// Insert left child & right child into queue
// Repeat



Find the min and max in an array. Now do it in less than 2n comparisons. (they were looking for the solution that finds both max and min in about 3/2 n comparisons).

Compute the square root of a number down to a certain precision.
ie sqrt(num, precision) returns a number that is in-between sqrt(num) - precision and sqrt(num) + precision.

Given a positive real number x, find the square root of x without using built-in sqrt functions.

Given an array of integers, now we want to erase all 0's (can be other value), and we want the result array condensed, meaning no empty cell in the array.

Given an unsorted array of integers, find a 3-element subset that sums to zero

Write a class providing an LRU cache

given a list of words with a same size and a big string that contains one of the permutation of all the words combined(say p), find the startindex of the string p in the big string

Find a needle in the haystack: given two c-strings (null terminated), return a pointer to the location of where the needle occurs in the haystack, NULL otherwise.

Given a binary tree print the first level, followed by a newline, the second level, followed by a newline, etc.

How can one implement a queue with only a stack implementation?

How would you implement a method to tell whether or not a string matches a regex that consists of lower case letters and *s.

Write the actual code to reverse a linked list

Write the actual code to parse a regular expression including "*", which stands for 0 or more characters, "+", which stands for 1 or more characters, and ".", which stands for 1 exact character.

Generate a new array from an array of numbers. Start from the beginning. Put the number of some number first, and then that number.
For example, from array 1, 1, 2, 3, 3, 1
You should get 2, 1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 1, 1
Write a program to solve this problem.

print out all prime numbers in a given string. abc2134kd31 -> 2, 13, 3, 3

Implement division without using multiplication or division. It should work most efficient and fast.

Implement a suggestion function that generates alternative strings for given password strings like "facebook" => "F@ceß00k" and "fæc€Bo0K" or sth.

